Ensure demo example works without error (#49)
12rambau/pytest-copie: docs/usage.rst

.. code-block::

   my_template/
   ├── template

>    ├────── {{repo_name}}/

Reviewer: I was initially thinking that a template folder could be templated (like in cookiecutter) but it's not. So I agree with to set a "template" folder instead. 
On the other hand, I think `{{repo_name}}` should be removed from the examples.

   @pytest.fixture

>    def custom_template(tmp_path) -> Path:

Author: I found some typos in the current `custom_template` implementation (a missing `}` character, `tmp` used instead of `tmp_path` which made an undefined variable error, etc.).

I've also made some changes for clarity. I found the difference between "tutu"/"toto" difficult to catch while skim reading, so I've renamed one "toto" -> "default_name" instead.

Reviewer: toto/tutu is very common french speaker dummy names (it's actualy titi, tutu, toto, tata). Sorry if it translates poorly into english.

Author: > toto/tutu is very common french speaker dummy names (it's actualy titi, tutu, toto, tata)

Oh, that's cute! Today I learned a new thing 😄 
I can change it back to be more french sounding. We could use capitalization to make the difference a bit more immediately obvious ("TOTO"/"tutu")

       # Create custom copier template directory and copier.yaml file
       (template := tmp_path / "copier-template").mkdir()
       questions = {"custom_name": {"type": "str", "default": "my_default_name"}}
       (template /"copier.yaml").write_text(yaml.dump(questions))
       # Create custom subdirectory
       (repo_dir := template / "custom_template").mkdir()

>        (template /"copier.yaml").write_text(yaml.dump({"_subdirectory": "custom_template"}))

Author: I found when I tried to include `_subdirectory` in the questions dictionary, the yaml.dump would put them in alphabetical order, i.e. list `_subdirectory` first in `copier.yaml`. That seemed to make copier unhappy.

>        # Create custom copier template directory and copier.yaml file
>        (template := tmp_path / "copier-template").mkdir()
>        questions = {"custom_name": {"type": "str", "default": "my_default_name"}}
>        (template /"copier.yaml").write_text(yaml.dump(questions))
>        # Create custom subdirectory
>        (repo_dir := template / "custom_template").mkdir()
>        (template /"copier.yaml").write_text(yaml.dump({"_subdirectory": "custom_template"}))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       # Create custom copier template directory
       (template := tmp_path / "copier-template").mkdir()
       questions = {"custom_name": {"type": "str", "default": "my_default_name"}}
       # Add the custom directory
       questions.update(_subdirectory = "custom_template")
       (repo_dir := template / "custom_template").mkdir()
       # Write the data to copier.yaml file
       (template /"copier.yaml").write_text(yaml.dump(questions))
```
